Lesson Reviews: Instructions
At the completion of the module, you are required to fill a lesson review to
tell us what you learnt and how you learnt it.
Your tutor will then review your submission and will give you feedback. If
your submission is incomplete they will ask you to include missing parts. They
can also ask follow-up questions, either to clarify something, or to double check
your understanding of certain concepts.
The lesson review must contain three parts:
1 Module Summary
Please provide an overview of what you learnt in the unit. Throughout the
activities and resources on the unit site, you will find prompts that help you fill
this part. More specifically, you need to answer the following questions:
1.1 Summarising the content:
To make it easier to summarise the content of the module, you can break down
these questions by learning objective, or by activity, as is suggested on the unit
site.
• Summarise the main points in this module. Make sure that you include
references to the learning objectives.
• How is this useful?
1.2 Reflecting on the content:
• What is the most important thing you learnt in this module?
• How does this relate to what you already know?
• Why do you think your course team wants you to learn the content of this
module?
2 Evidence of Learning.
Provide evidence of your work on this module. This can contain notes that you
took, exercises that you solved, and any other work that you produced. You can
scan or take pictures of your work into a pdf document. If you’re a confident
programmer, implementing some algorithms or formulas can be a great way
to understand them. If you used external resources in your learning, please
include links to them.
1
It is a good idea to include short comments together with your evidence.
Here are some suggestions:
• Provide references to problems/exercises that highlight a concept that
you think is important;
• If you found some specific points difficult, how you overcame these difficulties, and what you learnt from them.
• Include problems where you made mistakes and comment what you learnt
from those mistakes, or how you overcame them.
3 Evidence of self-assessment, with a sufficicent score
(at least 90%).
Please include evidence that you reached the minimum required score at the
self-assessment. On the results page of the automatic self-assessment, please
click on the option “print this results summary” and save the results into a pdf
file. You can then upload this file as your evidence.
2